# Changelog for January 8th 2025
Today, I did a little bit of work on the Markdown Site.

I took the source and broke apart my test pages. They are now individual markdown files in the public folder of the site.

This allows me to generate more test files easier, and for anyone else hosting an instance to change them.

I also added a secondary test site called status.

You can see it [here](%WEBPATH%/status)!.

It can display some built in environment variables.

## Data variables
There are some other data variables that can now be built into a markdown site!

For example, you can use some built-in variables that are enclosed in percent signs (%) to do things.

For example, % WEBPATH % will show the path to the site, like %WEBPATH%.

There are a few others, such as % REPO % %REPO% among other useful tools.

This should help simplify adding built in pages, and speed up development.

Anyways, that was a relatively quick and simple update!
## Source Code Pages
There are also now source code pages!

For example, in this folder is a file called HelloWorld.java and hello-world.c

You can access a url to them by pathing to their folders, and the file, except for the final part, in which the period is replaced by an underscore.

[hello-world.c](%WEBPATH%/projects/markdown-site/hello-world_c)

[hello-world.java](%WEBPATH%/projects/markdown-site/HelloWorld_java)

There is also a nice link that will take you directly to the source code, in case there is a need to access or download it, say from a server.

If that were the case, I could easily copy the link to the source, log on to a server, and type `wget (SOURCE)`, download it and compile/run the code.

### [Back to Markdown Site](%WEBPATH%/projects/markdown-site/) 