# Devlog for 2/4/2025

## 9:40 AM
I spoke with Charmines last night about a proposal for the server.

We had someone join the network while I was working on it, asking for a "SkyMines" gamemode. I thought the idea was funny, and might be worth some research.

Turns out, there is a gamemode about it, and it's relatively simple to write.

Knowing that we are a good server, I want to make it better than the original.

We discussed a bunch of concepts, needs, and more to get things going, and opened a chain of communication with the other members of the active staff team.

I then went to my bed and layed there thinking about what this could entail. I did not sleep.

I got out of bed at about 7:00 AM, drove to the bus stop, and went to school. Got some breakfast, and went to talk to a couple of people. Here I now am, at the student center on my laptop writing this.

Last night, I wrote a couple of quick concepts of what this could look like, and how things would need to be made.

# The Plan
The development, and revival of this network would involve three major phases.

## Phase I - Infrastructure and Planning
Our current tech stack, uses a system called SubServers. The original creator of the project had recently passed away, so it currently lays in limbo.

We were originally planning on writing a system that wrapps around it, so that we could write our own system in the future, and that is still the plan.

The biggest thing, is to set up a second Minecraft Network in which we can test and develop new infrastructure for bigger and better game modes.

In order of importance, I want to:

1.) Create a new backend plugin framework.
2.) Allow the plugin to message different servers.
3.) Allow that plugin framework to start/stop servers.
4.) Come up with the basic concept of a game mode.
5.) Design a game queuing system that works for the game mode.
6.) Create a Basic Minigame API

Once all of this is relatively functional, things should be in relatively good order.

At the same time, I can start designing and mocking up the new SkyMines minigame.

## Phase II - Minigame Development
During this phase, I would like to implement the new SkyMines Minigame, and get it ready for a small-scale test. I would also want to get ready to migrate the new infrastructure to the main SkyMines server. This should be done with as little downtime as possible (not necessarily simple to do).

During this phase, I would want to consider bringing on a builder or two, and maybe a developer, depending on progress. This depends on the final planned scope of the game mode.

## Phase III - Profit
This is the phase in which we launch a closed beta of the new SkyMines game mode on the network, and test it excruciatingly. Here, we should be fixing bugs, and getting the game ready to go. Once it is relatively stable, things should be ready for release.

During this phase, I would want to bring the moderation team up to scuff, and ready to help manage players on the network. This should make things a lot easier to handle.

Another thing to work on is updating the donation/rank system of the network. We would want the server to ideally pay for itself.c


# Thoughts.
These are my main thoughts right now.

I'm still trying to get different ideas out there, to figure out what needs to be done though.

The main things that I can do right now, is the infrastructure changes, as these were already discussed, decided on, and improved.

This new game mode could bring a lot of life to the network, which will be nice!