# Devlog for October 8th 2024.
Hey! Most previous reports on the development of this solution has been through the [Medium Progress Reports.](https://medium.com/@agentdid127/list/alium-progress-reports-be3e66842afd). This is going to be a lot less formal, mostly my current thoughts on what I am working on with Project Stardust. Let's first talk about history.

## A Brief History Lesson

### An Idea
This started from an idea that would help me personally with my struggles with executive functioning. I have multiple disorders that make it something very difficult for me to do, this also includes struggles with communication. Even though it is a struggle for me, I want this product to be something that can help others, and the benefit of me doing that above all else is greater than the stress it would cause me to screw up communicating.

It is  a constant struggle, but I am willing to put that aside to get this to work. This project started as a quick sorter for Trello tasks, in a way that benefitted me, and quickly evolved into something greater. I approached my friend [Aiden](https://aidenkt.com) about working on this back in about March of 2022, and we quickly got to work. This all worked well for a long time, though we went through about 8 or 9 different ideas for design before finding something that stuck with us.

### The Earliest seeds
Another thing we often struggled with on the early development process was feature creep. We had so many different ideas all together to get to where we wanted to, that it became difficult to even start on the project (which was the purpose of having the project in the first place.)

This often meant that we would work on it full force for a few months, then take a 6 month hiatus. Not the best for productivity.

### This past month
I got an email from the Dean of the School of Computing at the University of Georgia, of which I attend, about the entrepreneurship program at the school. I quickly signed up and attended the meeting.

The program offers me full control of the company I want to start, as well as the support and access to experienced founders that I need to get started. It also, potentially, offers me some of the funding that I would need to get things going. After the meeting, I signed up as quickly as possible, and got things going. That leads to this past week.

## The Last Week.
on Wednesday night, I recieved an email from the entrepreneurship program that I was accepted into the Idea Acellerator. This was so exciting for me, as I have needed something to give me a little push to get things done. I noticed the email on Thursday morning, and immediately got to work. I responded to the email with my thanks, and that I would be attending, and got to work.

I since then have spoken with a few friends about the opportunity, and got all of my ducks into a row so that I could start the program. Finally, I spoke to Aiden about these possibilities, and what it could offer us. As we originally had a 50/50 split on the company, and the amount of work that was necessary for me to complete during the program, as well as the amount of work I individually had put towards the product over the last year, I had asked for that ownership structure to change to a 51/49 structure, in which I would have 51%, and Aiden would have 49%. He said that he would think about it, and I went back to work.

I recieved a call from Aiden no more than 20 minutes later, with him making a counter offer. He said that he would give me significantly more control of the company, and would additionally be stepping back from the project, only staying around as an advisor if necessary. This was a little weird at first, but I understand where he is coming from. We were both starting to walk slightly different paths, and that was where things needed to go. I allowed it to happen, as that was his decision, and not mine. We are still on **very** good terms, and if he ever wanted to come back to the project in the future, he would be welcomed with open arms.

After that call, I had to take a trip back to my parent's house for a concert on Saturday. That meant that I would take a break from working for a day, so that I could spend some time with them. That was fun. I then spent the day Sunday, bringing back all of Project Stardust's old servers, into a state in which things would be useable. I also created a script that would automatically generate and set up a new server for development and testing purposes. At the same time, I knocked out the last of my homework, and got ready for the big meeting...

## The Big Meeting
The first meeting of the Idea Accelerator started at 5:30 PM on Monday, October 8, 2024. This was something I had spent the last week preparing for and looking forwards to. Of course, me being me didn't notice the time until about 5:00 PM. I quickly packed up my laptop, which I was working on at the time, and got into my car to get over to the meeting, which was on the other side of campus from where I live.

As I was rushing through the traffic, I ended up getting stuck at pretty much every light imaginable. Luckily, I was able to get near Gilbert Hall around 5:15 PM. I quickly parked my car, walked towards Broad Street, and made a left, heading over to Studio 225. I made it at around 5:20 PM, with 10 minutes to spare.

    Phew. That was close...

As others started to pile in, we reorganized the table into a manner that we could work in, and we introduced ourselves. I sat in the front with someone who had gone through the program before. First, we all wrote down our projects on a whiteboard, and then the presentation began.

### We are solving problems, not selling a product
The most important thing we were taught during the first lecture, is that the best companies are there to solve a problem, not to sell junk.

For example, if someone is going to buy a quarter inch drill, it's not because they want to buy a drill. It is because they want a quarter inch hole! That was intruiging.

Each team was allowed to present their idea, though we all struggled to understand the point. We were not there to present a solution, we were there to identify a problem.

The first thing that we have to do, is not make something, it's to find a ***problem to solve.***

For this week, I have to do a few things. First, I need to identify my problem, and who may have such a problem. I also have to reach out to about 100 of those people, with the hopes that **one person** will want a solution so much, that they would do something unusual about it, especially if that unusual thing includes you.

## Something unusual eh?
As I am trying to make a productivity product, I needed to come up with a way to find people.

Today, I started off simple. Identify the problem, and where I can find people around me who have such a problem.

My goal for today, was not to reach the full 100 people. I wanted to have communication with only 17 of them. If I could reach 17 people today, I am on a good track.

In order to have a solution, I needed to have a problem for them to have.

# What's your problem?

My potential customer is someone who often procrastinates, or finishes things at the **very last second.** Particularly, it is because that person has so much going on in their lives, that they don't know where to start. It's a decision making paralysis.

If this were a problem for the customer, they would notice that something was about to start, or be due within the next hour, so they would immediately try to cram, or rush to get something completed, sometimes turning things in past the due date, or arriving late to a meeting. This would have to be a constant struggle for them.

I'm hoping that there exists someone who struggles with this so much that they would want someone to help them rectify it.

This identifies my ultimate problem that should be solved.

Another thing that leads to this, is the idea of avoiding a Minimum Viable Product, and instead going for a Minimum Viable Test.

This is something that could test the idea to see whether the concept of a product is completely viable or not.

## What's the plan?
This week, I plan on trying to reach out to people through multiple mediums to attempt to get at least **one** person to fill out a form with everything that they need to complete during the next week.

I would consider that knowingly given information somewhat sensitive, and therefore unusual to be given out. I would in return, give them a schedule that will help them get everything done in the best manner possible.

# So, where to begin?
I have never really had to work in an environment like this, so this is all very new to me. I know little bits and bobs of things, but I never was the person at the forefront of these things.

My plan for today, is to reach out in a couple different ways through my known avenues.

And that is what I did.

I sent a message in a self-promotion channel on a Discord Server with about 30,000 members in it, 5,000 who actively look at that, which led to two or three conversations. That was something to get me started.

I also sent a message on Snapchat trying to gauge interest that way. That got about 100 people to view it, though unfortunately, that didn't stick.

I then sent a ping to everyone on a discord server, that was specifically made for Project Stardust. One or two of the people in there are my friends, though most others are acquaintences who I haven't spoken to in years, and others are complete strangers.

That was the most successful of the online strategy so far. I ended up getting about three responses, which was good for me.

I also walked around campus for about an hour trying to hand out flyers to students who may have some interest. I intentionally started out small, just to see if there was any interest.

In the hour or so that I was handing out flyers, I ended up getting about 8 flyers out, often to groups of students.

This would lead my total amount of contacts to about 14 so far today. Not a ton, and definitely not at my goal, but it is a start. Especially since I have **literally no clue** as to what I am doing.

## What's next?
As I fell a little bit short today, I will have to get 20 messages out tomorrow. My approach is going to be a little bit different, as I want to throw as many things at the wall that I can to see what sticks.

I spent part of today looking at different social media groups for people who struggle with executive functioning. As of yet, I have a list of about 12 people, of whom I will try to contact tomorrow. I'm hoping to keep looking towards building a list of people to contact, and sending that out.

I also will be going to a support group for students who struggle with it (I go regularly anyways), and I'll see what sticks with them as well, as they fit into my target audience.

Most of my day tomorrow will be spent on campus for this. I have an 8 am class, so I have to get up early for it. As this is what I am working on, Let's look at my planned schedule:

 
|   Hour  | Task |
| -----: |  :----: |
| 6:15 AM | Wake up, get ready to leave |
| 6:50 AM | Drive to Vet Med Campus, get ready to catch bus |
| 7:05 AM | Take bus to main campus |
| 7:25 AM | Walk to Snelling, eat breakfast |
| 7:45 AM | Walk to Plant Sciences for lecture |
| 8:00 AM | Lecture on Computing Ethics |
| 9:00 AM | Go to Science Library, start researching on people to talk to |
| 11:00 AM | Lunch at Snelling |
| 12:00 PM | Back to Science Library, finding people to commiunicate with |
| 2:00 PM  | Ethics Homework |
| 4:30 PM | Take bus back to Vet Med to get car |
| 5:00 PM | Drive to main campus |
| 5:30 PM | Meeting |
| 6:30 PM | Dinner at Bolton |
| 7:30 PM | Send out messages that had been planned earlier today |
| 8:00 PM | Drive back to my apartment |
| 8:30 PM | Take a shower, get ready for bed |
| 10:00 PM | Go to bed and rest |

Busy day eh? Either way, I'll definitely have a lot to do, so let's get ready for it.

Either way, I would say that it is time for me to get some sleep, and to charge my laptop, as I'll need it tomorrow.

Hopefully I can write another one of these tomorrow (most likely during the 8:30 block)

Thanks,

Cory Borek

### For more articles, see [The Index](%WEBPATH%/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)