# Devlog for October 9th 2024

Hello! This document is in-progress, so be aware that things will update throughout the day.

## GOOD MORNING CAMP!

I ended up waking up later than I would have liked to, but that's okay. In terms of what needs to be done today, I need to reach out to a specific number of people.

Yesterday, I managed to reach 13 people, and get one person to fill out the form. It's definitely a good start so far. Unfortunately, that was not enough people to reach out to.

Each day this week, I need to reach about 17 different people. As I am a little behind today, I'll need to catch up and reach out to 21 different people.

Yesterday, I started to make a list of people to target and contact. Today, I will finish out that list with the amount of people I need to contact. Hopefully the communication sticks a little more today.

## Time: 2:35 PM
I'm back a few hours later with a bit of an update. Went through a list of old contacts, as well as did some online research for people to contact. I have since sent out about 11 emails via a mailing list that I had generated a long time ago.

Things aren't perfect, but it's definitely a good start.

I will try to hand out flyers to classmates during a meeting in a few hours, so that should give an improvement. Going to go back on Discord, and send another message in self-promo as not too many people look at it, and my message is getting pretty far down. I will try to be sparing with those messages though, as I don't want to annoy anyone.

Let's see how the self-promo message goes.

### Wut?
I ended up getting a response from the message almost immediately! That works lol. It's not an ideal answer, but it does show that there is some interest. That's awesome!

I then took a little break to chat with some friends, while trying to figure out what to do. That led off into a tangent of me playing the guitar (whoops), and now I'm getting ready for my meeting later.

I'm planning to leave in a few minutes, so we'll see how it goes.

## Notice
This day is still in progress. ***Things will change***.

### For more articles, see [The Index](%WEBPATH%/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)