# Devlog for October 14th 2024

Today, I had a nice meeting with the idea accelerator!

We went over what transpired last week, as well as our plans for this coming week. We also discussed our potential downfalls and concerns. We also did some math as to what we are wanting to work on.

## Math!
First, we had a few minutes to discuss a potential earnings goal by the time we graduate college.

Let's go over the math for that.

Say that I want to earn a Salary of 50,000/year.
Let's assume that the profit margin of the company is 10%.

For my salary, I will take 50% of that profit.

To solve that, we do the following

Let P equal my Profit Margin,
E equal my intended earning percentage.
I would be my income from the profit.

$I =P*E$

So, $P = 0.1, E = 0.5$

$0.1 * 0.5 = 0.05 = I$.

Now we'll say that I will earn 5% of my revenue.

In order for me to make a salary of 50,000, I will need to do some math on revenue.

$50,000/0.05 = 1,000,000$.

This means that I will have to have $1M in revenue to make a salary of 50,000.

Now, let's discuss our end goal with this math. This math is to determine how many customers I need to make that salary.

Let's say that I want to charge 10/mo.

If that were the case, annually I would be charging $10*12 = 120$/year.

If each customer makes 120 in revenue for me, and I need 1M to reach my goal, I will need $1,000,000/120 = 8,333.33$ customers. Obviously there is no such thing as $\frac{1}{3}$ of a person, so we will round up to $8,334$ people. 

This means that I need 8,334 people to pay per year.

We can break this down by month.

$8,334/12 = 695$ new people per month.

That's a lot of growth.

Of course, I'm not expecting any of that right now. After that quick lecture, each of us went and presented what we worked on.

## Main takeaways from presentations

 - Focus more on Instagram,
 - Try to charge next week.
 - Don't use terms that the layman may not know.

 - Keep numbers specific.
 - Don't stop at your target amount of outreach. Keep going.


### For more articles, see [The Index](https://coryborek.github.io/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)