# Devlog for October 19th 2024

Hey! This week has had quite a bit of progress!

First off, after my meeting on Monday, I had quite a few things that needed to happen before I could do my outreach.

Namely:

- Set up a bank account for the company
- Set up a way to accept payment
- Update the company website to support payments, as well as be able to give more information to the end user.

## Why?
This week, my goal is to see if I could get one person to pay me $5 for the opportunity to use my product.

They would have to understand that the product is not finished, or completely ready, but willing to pay nonetheless, as it will solve their problems.

So that's where I started.

## The week so far...
### Tuesday...
On Tuesday, I filled out the paperwork and applications to create a company bank account. Most of the work that needed to happen ahead of time was already done, so I just needed to open the account.

As the account was not ready, I had to wait on that before I could accept any payments.

### Wednesday...
On Wednesday, I got accepted into the bank early-afternoon. From there, I set up a stripe account, and linked it to my new bank account.

I then did a live stream, in where I made a website for Project Stardust.

We had an old one that worked okay... but it did not solve all of our needs.

This new one is made in React, like all of our other applications, and therefore can be expanded upon and upgraded with components.

#### Want to see it? Go [here.](https://erliapp.com/)

Once the website was up, I was ready to accept payments.

I then went to a group at 5:30, and discussed with some group members about the project, which definitely gave me some insight, and showed a potential userbase.

### Thursday...
Thursday was a busy school day for me, so I had to take a break from development for that day, as I had to catch up on a lot of schoolwork, as well as drive two hours back to my parent's house.

### Friday...
Friday was a full-on work day for me.

I intentionally woke up early, so I could get out the door and vote (the main reason I drove home).

After that, I got straight on to work.

I had two homework assignments that I needed to finish for a class, so I knocked out a quiz first, and then got back to work on the project.

I set up a production backend for the server, which is designed for limited downtime. This will not update as much as my demo server, which can go down in an instant.

Once that was complete, I brought back my old testing portal, as well as an internal testing frontend, which is designed for developers to test the frontend on the live database.

This frontend is what I will be using to test out the app as I go.

Once that was done, I started to do research on who I was going to outreach to this week.

From there, I went on a two mile walk with my mom, followed by a trip to a nice restaraunt for dinner.

When I got home, I set up the TV for my mom to watch a show she wanted to see, and then went back to my room to do some work.

I finished my last homework assignment, and started to do a tiny bit of outreach.

After that, I decided to lay down, rest, and watch a movie before going to bed.

At that point, we lead to today!

## Today, October 19th, 2024.
Today is expected to be my biggest outreach day of the week.

I woke up bright and early, so I got ready for what I needed to do, cleaned up some code, pushed some changes to github, and then did some thinking.


### Why start a company?
If anyone is starting a company, there needs to be some sort of problem that needs to be solved.

My previous idea of a problem was this:

> People procrastinate due to executive functioning struggles.

That can be a decent description, but the average person does not know what `executive functioning` is.

So, with that, I will rewrite the problem.

> People have so many things to do, that they get stuck not knowing where to start.

This adds a few words, though it is a lot simpler.

For someone to have a problem, there has to be a significant roadblock. This description shows why there is a roadblock.

For example,

In general I have a lot of things on my plate to do. Here's a quick list:

 - Write a Discord Bot for rOverwatch2.
 - Write a REST API for rOverwatch2.
 - Update the rOverwatch2 Minecraft server to 1.21.
 - Update the Resource Pack Converter and fix all of those bugs.
 - Fix the Mobile App for Project Stardust
 - Fix bugs in the web version of Project Stardust.
 - Record a video for Ethics
 - Respond to two videos for Ethics
 - Take a quiz for Ethics
 - Write an Essay for Ethics
 - Do my homework for Theory
 - Write a Minigame API for another MC Server.
 - Update RPCBedrock
 - Rewrite my personal Website.
 - File away old paperwork and notes.
 - Clean up my apartment.
 - Do maintenance on my server rack.

That should name a few things on my plate.

In terms of those things, I know certain things that have to come before the others, but in general, with so much that I have to do, I never know where to start, so often things just don't get completed.

That's what the goal of Project stardust always has been.

It is to break down the many tasks, into a manageable amount, and to not have to worry about what to start. It will just help you start on that journey.

As for the rest of today, I have some more outreach to do, though I want to spend some time with my parents, as I don't see them often.

I have already done about 1/3 of my total amount of needed outreach for this week.

I will take a break, so I don't reach any limits on Instagram's API, spend some time with my folks, and knock out another third this evening.

Tomorrow, I will finish the outreach.

Hopefully I get at least one response from all of this.

Anyways, if I find that I have more to say, then I will edit this, otherwise, that's it for me!

Cory Borek

### For more articles, see [The Index](https://coryborek.github.io/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)