# Devlog for October 28th 2024

Today is the second to last day of the program.

I've been struggling mentally this week, but I intentionally got up early to finish the last few things.

I need to make a pitch video, as well as reach out to my last few people.

So far, I have looked at Door Dash's Y-Combinator pitch, but I would like to see a few more.

Plan is to do some market research today.

I'm doing some looking into who I can reach out, and I think some life coaches/academic coaches may benefit indirectly from what I am making. A lot of the people who did respond to me were in that group, so that could be a lead.

## 1:28 PM.

I reached out to my required 100 people.

From that group, 45 were academic/life/adhd coaches.

Within those people, I got 5 responses from them.

Two were asking questions about my product, which I answered immediately, two were just thank yous for the information and that they will keep my work in mind, and one led to a sale.

The other 55 people I reached out to via social media, based on if they responded to or follow someone that posts about ADHD or ASD.

I got one sale from that group too this week!

That means that this week's test was a major success!

The next two things to do, are make my three slides of this week's test, and make my pitch presentation!

## 2:30 PM
I wrote my three presentation slides, as well as my plan for my pitch presentation.

The meeting tonight will go over both our slides from this past week, as well as our pitch presentations.

My presentation mostly goes over what I have learned throughout these last few weeks.

The biggest thing is that ADHD coaches often look for new ways to improve how they are working with people.

### For more articles, see [The Index](https://coryborek.github.io/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)