# Devlog for October 13th 2024

It has been a couple of days!

I had a lot to handle over the weekend, as well as getting some rest in, so let's quickly go over what happened.

On Thursday, I slept in, and went to my class at about 3:50 PM. This allowed me to get what I needed done, as well as discussed the project with my professor, which was insightful about efficiency.

After class, I had to drive home to go to a doctor's appointment on Friday. I went back to my apartment, and packed a bunch of things up to travel home.

I had some nice chats with family, and went to bed.

Friday morning, I woke up at about 8:00 AM, in order to have time to get everything done that I needed to at home. I have been wanting to work on my setup at my apartment, so I packed up two computers to use at my apartment. Everything was packed tight, as well as some special treats my folks got for me when they took a trip (i can never say no to Wegmans).

I then went to my doctor's appointment. It was just a physical, so nothing bad.

After my appointment, I went home to pick up the last few things I needed, and went back to school. There was a bit of traffic, so I didn't arrive until about 3:00 PM.

I dropped off some things at my apartment, and then took a trip for dinner, before doing a massive message to a group of people.

I sent off about 50 DMs to people, in order to get things done!

## Time for a break!
I then installed Linux on my desktop, so I can have three different operating systems within easy reach. To test that the install worked, I did a live stream, in which I worked on some OS development.

This stream went on a little longer than I thought I would, so I went to bed at about 3am.

Saturday, I didn't have a strong urge to get a ton done (it's almost like I need something to help me with my procrastination), so I spent a lot of time on my phone, and then did another live stream, in which I did actually end up doing some work on a project I haven't touched in quite a while.

I then went to bed.

## Today...
Today, I woke up bright and early, with an urge to actually get something done. I started to zip tie parts of my cables to my desk to clean things up a bit.

I then took a break to get some breakfast at the dining hall.

After that, I fell asleep again (zzZzzzzz).

After my nap, it was time to get some stuff done. I finished my last few contacts for outreach, and got things going. I had reached about 102 people, which was a few more than my necessary 100. I only got one response as of yet, so that's fine. Just trying to figure out where to begin.

After my outreach, it was time to finally do what I have been wanting to do. I got some lunch, then took a drive to Walmart to get some power strips.

I went back, with my power strips, and some oreos, to then get things going.

I set up my two monitors, as well as my Mac, and got things going. I now have three computers working on the same desk.

I also took a chance at cable management. It's not the best, but it works!

Finally, I knocked out the rest of my homework, and now as I'm typing this, it is about 11:44 PM, so I should start to get some rest.

See ya soon!

Cory Borek

### For more articles, see [The Index](https://coryborek.github.io/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)