# Devlog for May 27th, 2025

It's been a minute since I've written a little devlog on here. This site has changed a bit since then, as well as other things, so let's get on to it:

# 2 weeks ago
I was accepted into a program similar to the one that I did in October, but instead of searching for $5,000m it's now $500,000 and the opportunity to move back to the Northeast.

I think that would be exciting, so here we go again through another big sprint.


# This past week
I had my girlfriend visiting me last week, so I had to organize things carefully. The first meeting with this new program was over Zoom, and it needed some work. i dropped her off at the airport for her to head back to New Jersey, and then drove back to my apartment in Athens to get ready. I was exhaused from the previous week's adventures, so I took a little nap. At 6:00 PM, I had a zoom meeting. The meeting actually hit the limit on who could join, so I was lucky that I got there early.


# The Meeting
This session is going to be more fast-paced than the last one, and it takes a slightly different approach. As opposed to just finding a test and executing it, this cohort makes a really crappy version of the product then tests it and see what sticks, makes small changes ,and tests again. It allows for more rapid development, while still achieving that ultimate goal.

This week, we had two goals assigned during the meeting: 1.) Make a Product Requirements Document. I had a running document for Early, so I reformatted it into what we needed. and 2.) Make a minimum prototype to test the product. I had mostly made my MVP over the last three years or so, so I just had to add a few features to get it completely ready.

So here's what I did:

# The week

First, I opened up the old Figma designs, and simplified the Create account page. A lot of the swipe animations are not in the app, so I changed it to fill out a text box, and hit a button. If something went wrong, it will tell you an error, and go back to another state. Functionally, the create account page is a State Machine. Brings back memories from working on autonomous robots.

Once that was designed, I implemented a frontend for it in React Native. I got as far as connecting it to the backend, and instead logged it to console.

From there, I spent about 4 hours trying to figure out why the heck my backend is not working. I found out that it was a commit on October 30th that caused the breakage, so I reverted it back to the commit from the 29th, and manually remade the features that were added since.

I added a new permission flag of `CURRENT_SUBSCRIBER` for access to the app in the backend. This means that if someone currently has an active app subscription, then they should have access to it. As of right now, accounts that are less than 30 day old, and anyone who has access to either an Alpha, Beta, or Internal test are considered subscribers.

From there, I added the app to the backend, and voila, it worked. I changed my access code from `ACCESS_ALPHA` to `CURRENT_SUBSCRIBER` in the app login feature, and there we go! it works!

That leads us to today.

# Today
Today, I remade the company website to focus more on the app, as opposed to being a temporary landing page. I wanted it to be a little more professional, than to look like a high school project that I spent 20 mins on. I think I did okay, considering that I really did not put much time or thought into it at all. I just wanted something marginally better, and I accomplished it.

I also updated the React source for that site, and rebuilt and published it.

I made a quick post on LinkedIn of a typical usage of the app, and that's where we are now!

I'm gonna try to keep up with this program, but some other things to take precedence.

That's all for this devlog!
### For more articles, see [The Index](%WEBPATH%/projects/project-stardust/devlogs/)